Update README for new APIs (#96)
fullstorydev/hauser: README.md

1. Download the latest [release binary](https://github.com/fullstorydev/hauser/releases)
2. Download the included `example-config.toml` file and customize it for your environment,
   including your FullStory API key, warehouse host, and credentials. AWS credentials (for S3) come from your local environment.
3. Assuming the binary and updated config are in the current directory, run:
```bash
./hauser -c myconfig.toml
```

### Important Configuration Fields

#### `ExportDuration`
Determines the time range for each export which ultimately determines the size of each exported file.
The size of this file will be based on the amount of traffic that your FullStory account records within the
specified duration.
The default is 1 hour, but if a different file size is desirable, this can be modified to meet your specific needs. The
max duration is 24 hours.

#### `ExportDelay`
Determines how long to wait before creating an export.
This delay is necessary because there is some latency between when an event is recorded and when it is available and complete.
24 hours is the default, but is also fairly conservative. In many cases this can be reduced safely to 3 hours, but note that

> events from "[swan songs]" may not be available.

Reviewer: `swan songs` can it link to the reference below?

Author: Yes. You could check by viewing the rich diff, but it's also part of the spec and is called a [shortcut reference link](https://github.github.com/gfm/#shortcut-reference-link)

#### `StartTime`

> Determines the date-time that should be used a starting point for creating the exports.

Reviewer: Does this have a hyphen normally?
```suggestion
Determines the datetime that should be used a starting point for creating the exports.
```

Author: Not sure why I wrote it this way 😄
